doc: update some dynamic parameters from acrn-dm usage (#7041)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/developer-guides/hld/hld-devicemodel.rst

               [--enable_trusty] [--intr_monitor param_setting]
               [--acpidev_pt HID] [--mmiodev_pt MMIO_regions]
               [--vtpm2 sock_path] [--virtio_poll interval] [--mac_seed seed_string]

>                [--cpu_affinity lapic_id] [--lapic_pt] [--rtvm] [--windows]

Reviewer: More than one lapic_id can be specified here, so should we make this:
```suggestion
               [--cpu_affinity lapic_ids] [--lapic_pt] [--rtvm] [--windows]
```

Author: Updated.

       --mac_seed: set a platform unique string as a seed for generate mac address
       --ovmf: ovmf file path
       --ssram: Enable Software SRAM

>        --cpu_affinity: list of Service VM vCPUs assigned to this VM, the Service VM vCPUs are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       --cpu_affinity: comma-separated list of Service VM vCPUs assigned to this VM. A Service VM vCPU is
```

Author: Updated.

>             identified by their lapic IDs.\n"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            identified by its lapic ID."
```

Author: Updated.
